# Day 3 - QR code

* **Event:** HackTM Meta 2020
* **Category:** Miscellaneous
* **Points:** 148
* **Difficulty:** Medium
* **Tools used:** [online Piet interpreter](https://www.bertnase.de/npiet/npiet-execute.php)

### Description

You have finally arrived at the location.

As you head to the entrance you pass by the chill-out area, where some of the people who already did their check-ins have already started to engage in e-games and table football. Delicious cheesy burgers are being grilled at the imposing red food trucks and there's already a waiting line at the specialty coffee stand.

You queue up at the check-in line and you wait. And wait. And wait some more...

After a long waiting period, you find out that you can't buy anything without checking-in first. It is your turn to scan the QR code from your ticket. After several failed scan attempts, something seems to be wrong with the QR code.

But what?

The only way to get your C0C0 is to manually enter the code generated by the QR.

Submit your solution in the following format: `HackTM{your_solution}`

**Note:**

By solving this challenge you will be awarded with 148 points.

### Attachment

`day3_input.png`

### Solution

This challenge was made using an esoteric programming language named [Piet](https://www.dangermouse.net/esoteric/piet.html). *"Piet is a programming language in which programs look like abstract paintings. The language is named after Piet Mondrian, who pioneered the field of geometric abstract art."* 

A quick Google search using the terms *"programming language with colours"* / *"programming language with pixels"*, gives the first result related to Piet.

Here you have two alternatives:
1. Follow the rules and concepts of the language.
2. Use an online interpreter.

### Flag
 
`HackTM{484438374D4150}`
 